Rewrite PerformanceNavigationTiming pages (#22683)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancenavigationtiming/type/index.md

For example, if your site provides new content frequently, you might want to refresh that content using [Fetch](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) or similar and avoid users having to hit reload for the entire page all the time. The `"reload"` type can help you find pages that are reloaded frequently.

## Value

The `type` property can have the following values:

- `"navigate"`
  - : Navigation started by clicking a link, entering the URL in the browser's address bar, form submission, or initializing through a script operation other than `reload` and `back_forward` as listed below.
- `"reload"`
  - : Navigation is through the browser's reload operation, {{domxref("location.reload()")}} or a Refresh pragma directive like `<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300">`.
- `"back_forward"`
  - : Navigation is through the browser's history traversal operation.
- `"prerender"`
  - : Navigation is initiated by a [prerender hint](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Link_types/prerender).

## Examples

### Logging reload navigation

> The following example checks if the navigation was of type `reload` and logs the entry to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example checks whether the navigation was of type `reload` and logs the entry to the console.
```

```js
const resources = performance.getEntriesByType("navigation");
resources.forEach((entry) => {
  if (entry.type === "reload") {
    console.log(`${entry.name} was reloaded!`);
    console.log(entry);
  }
});
```

> You could collect `reload` entries in a sever-side endpoint to determine which pages of your site gets reloaded the most, or collect all navigation types and determine what percent of users go back-and-forth, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could collect `reload` entries in a server-side endpoint to determine which pages of your site gets reloaded the most, or collect all navigation types and determine what percent of users go back and forward, for example.
```
